[MRG] ENH: Added `kwargs` options to `plot_spikes_hist` (#732)
jonescompneurolab/hnn-core: doc/whats_new.rst

- Add feature to convert param and json files to HDF5 format, by `George Dang`_
  in :gh:`723`

> - Added `kwargs` options to `plot_spikes_hist` for HNN-style histograms,

Reviewer: this description is a bit strange ...

```suggestion
- Added `kwargs_hist` options to `plot_spikes_hist` for plotting histograms of spiking activity,
```

  returned for cases when there should be no valid matches, by `George Dang`_
  in :gh:`739`

- Added kwargs options to `plot_spikes_hist` for adjusting the histogram plots of spiking activity,

>   by `Abdul Samad`_ in :gh:`732`.

Reviewer 2: Oh, and your name here isn't consistent with your entry in the other PR so the link won't work.
